What jdk contains or composed of and define each components?
-   JDK stands for Java Development Kit. The components of JDK are:
    *	The Runtime Interpreter
    *	The Compiler
    *	The Applet Viewer
    *   The Debugger
    *	The Class File Disassembler
    *	The Header and Stub File Generator
    *	The Documentation Generator
    *	Applet Demos
    *	API Source Code

What is IDE?
-   IDE: Integrated Development Environment

What are the IDEs available in the market to support java?
-   There are many IDEs available in the market to support Java. Eclipse, IntelliJ, DrJava, JDeveloper, JEdit are to name a few.

Explain the entire java life cycle.
-   Editor -> Source code -> Java compiler -> Byte codes -> JVM -> Operating system

what is class?
-   Class is the blueprint of an object.

What is object?
-   Object is an instance of a Class.

What is the entry point of an application?
-    Entry point is where the processor enters a program or a code fragment and execution begins

Why main is static?
-   Main is static because it is called by the JVM before any objects are made

What is the difference between an Interface and Abstract class?
-   Java abstract class can have instance methods that implements a default behavior
    Variables declared in a Java interface is by default final

Can you make an Object from an Interface and Abstract class? if not how do you use it?
-   Making an Object from an Intefact and Abstract class is not possible. it is more of creating an instance of an anonymous subclass of abstract class

What is Access Specifier?
-   The three online Access Specifier are Public, Private, and Protected

What is OOP? Define each feature of java OOP.
-   OOP: Object Oriented Programming. It's four different features are as follows:
    *	Abstraction
    *	Encapsulation
    *	Inheritance
    *	Polymorphism

What is API? Name list of API that you have used so far.
-   API: Application Programming Interface
    So far, we have used GitHib.

Does java support multiple inheritance?
-   Java does not support multiple inheritance.

What is method overloading and when it happens?
-   Method overloading happens when two or more methods in one class have the same method name but different parameters

Explain exceptions in java and how to handle it.
-   The exceptions in Java are handled in two ways:
    *	Checked exceptions
    *	Unchecked exceptions

What is static keyword in java? How it has been used in variables and methods?
-   The static keyword in java is mainly used for memory management.

What is final and how it has been used variables and methods?
-   Final variable: It cannot be changed
    Final Method: It cannot be overwritten

What is final, finally and finalize?
-   Final, finally, and finalize are:
    *	Final class can't be inherited, final method can't be overridden and final variable value can't be changed.
    *	Finally is used to place important code, it will be executed whether exception is handled or not.
    *	Finalize is used to perform clean up processing just before object is garbage collected.


What is a constructor?
-   The purpose of constructor is to initialize an Object

What is "this" keyword in java?
-   "This" keyword is Java is a reference variable that refers to the current object

What is "super" keyword in java?
-   "Super" is used inside a sub-class method definition to call a method defined in the super class.

What is JVM stand for ?
-   JVM: Java Virtual Mechine

What version of java are you using?
-   The version of Java I am currently using is JDK 8 update 144

What is JAR stand for ?
-   JAR: Java Archive

What is compile time and run time?
-   Compile and run time are:
    *	 Compile time polymorphism (static binding): method overloading
    *    Runtime polymorphism (dynamic binding): method overriding

What is heap?
-   Heap is a segment of RAM

How java manage it's memory?
-   Java manages it's memory with the help of Heap and the Nursery

What is the difference between String, StringBuffer and StringBuilder?
-   The difference between StringBuffer and StringBuilder are:
    *	StringBuffer is synchronized
    *	StringBuilder is not synchronized

What is Singleton class?
-   The singleton pattern is implemented by creating a class with a method that creates a new instance of the class if one does not exist

What is Serialization and Deserialization?
-   Serialization and deserialization are as follows:
    *   Serialization is the process of converting an object into a stream of bytes in order to store the object or transmit it to memory, a database, or a file
    *   Deserialization is taking data structured from some format, and rebuilding it into an object

Which one will take more memory, an int or Integer?
-    Int and Integer occupy 4 bytes

Why is String Immutable in Java?
-   String is immutable in Java so that a file or connection does not change and lead to serious security threat

What is constructor chaining in Java?
-   Calling one constructor from other is called Constructor chaining in Java

The difference between Serial and Parallel Garbage Collector?
-   Serial collector:a default copying collector which uses only one Garbage Collection thread for the Garbage Collection operation
    Parallel collector: uses multiple Garbage Collection threads for the Garbage Collection operation

What is JIT stands for?
-   JIT: Just in Time

Explain Java Heap space and Garbage collection?
-   Java Heap space and Garbage collection are:
    * Java Heap space: divided into three regions for sake of garbage collection called New Generation, Old or tenured Generation or Perm Space
    * Garbage collection: The garbage collector is a program which runs on the JVM which gets rid of objects which are not being used by a Java application anymore

Can you guarantee the garbage collection process?
-   The garbage collection process cannot be guaranteed

What is the difference between stack and heap in Java?
-   The main difference between heap and stack are:
    * Stack: used to store local variables and function call
    * Heap: used to store objects in Java